Fixed #34462 -- Made admin log actions in bulk. (#16792)
django/django: docs/releases/5.0.txt

* The ``ForeignObject.get_reverse_joining_columns()`` method is deprecated.

* The ``ModelAdmin.log_deletion`` method and the ``LogEntryManager.log_action``

>   method is deprecated.

Reviewer: Deprecated methods should raise deprecation warnings etc. Please follow our [deprecating a feature guidelines](https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/4.2/internals/contributing/writing-code/submitting-patches/#deprecating-a-feature).

> * The ``ModelAdmin.log_deletion`` method and the ``LogEntryManager.log_action``
>   method is deprecated.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* The ``ModelAdmin.log_deletion``and ``LogEntryManager.log_action``
  methods are deprecated.
```

.. _`oracledb`: https://oracle.github.io/python-oracledb/

> 

Reviewer: Remove all new unrelated blank lines, and move this to the `5.1.txt` release notes.

Author: Sure, coming up 🤓
